number five shouting contestant number
five for your entertainment to like
dedication and perhaps I don't know
maybe more depending on the trainer
chaser within you ladies and gentlemen
please welcome it does number five miss
Heidi cunt ladies and gentlemen and
homosexuals won't deserve presents the
Heidi Cod story following an
unconventional love affair with the
lonely goat Heidi is banished to a
nunnery in no time at all Heidi showing
the nuns a thing or two all of that had
to take it like a modern woman in such
over to you hiding I'm Heidi come
I'm such a cunt sisters let's get Randy
come on nuns let's have fun I'll settle
for some crack with your hand somewhere
of my front bum treat me like I'm a
pregnant cow reach inside me to ice
cream boo for God's sake don't you
resist me join hands down fist me oh my
bottom hurts just thinking about it some
nuns life to sing songs and others they
like to pray Masha dhakal stash in a
flash up my gosh I'd do it without delay
I don't want to drink aqueora I just
want your arm a fight that Nora scratch
me quick my rapture is itchy
fist me
couch you're at hand
I just brought my poppers and I babe
that missed like its mother nu 0 to beef
up my guitar
don't you love the smell of feet no
one's tap off miss the distal Vicki's
have me totally blissed I Love You
Dublin David Norris I'll fist you later
get your dancing over
I mean I go
Oh cause I definitely no idea what you
were talking about